I think the project has such crap
I feel this unpretentiousness that for me has
a light spirit to plastic artist
30 mobile opportunity this year this property
and make an office that could be
divided into two would be his and the woman's
theoretically throughout development
he saw that he would not go to the office
and the opportunity of this company appeared
publisher is there to be their headquarters
structural masonry house
and as it did not have a rigid program
We only have two hours to go.
free plants or as an agent of a
cleaner in the house practically
total only the facades and the side
protracted
we created a circulation area
funny and that independence
interdependence between the two floors
and the circulation of access to the property
in this opening of the façade people
created this great element that is
distant from concrete making the ladder
concrete assistant has two
roles for making their own
house that we took structurally
also because we have done against the
pillars with their own lateral feathers
of the shelves they are even structural
then this shelf solution along with
a metal beam does all this function
bring them inside be a library
she is the transparency behind this
the sector is what is a
public area of the office that is the
entrance to the canopy
bathrooms of a more reserved area than
the work room is not
chan roof four waters and an eave is
operating Japan was already ruined was
an old wooden liberal had
there are roof problems and people
decided to do this homework
so instead of keeping the roof four
The roof is now two waters and the
facade she has this profile there you
really see the profile of the drawing
from the roof of justice or the tiles
had structure reinforced the structure
reinforced because they were
leaning on the walls as we
removed the walls and need to
a little the roof structure and
We exchange tiles for new material, right?
there would be metal with the sandwich with the
thermoacoustic insulation that also
as a reflector of light that you like
to use direct health you have this
concrete bridge that connects the ladder to
bathrooms on the floor line is
concrete falaschi tower
bathrooms that are concrete the rings of
facade that are instant concrete
we have concrete coating
floor that is the great elite or escape
and then we have these two areas
the front at the back where the
people have hail and more are the
original materials of the house and the glass it
is made not to appear but it does
part is naturally the element and
metal that makes each catwalk connects
these concrete elements
very happy so client moment work
reform the front door to door
pantograph in the first moment he
said for a photograph in china
Let's do a photographic job and
then in sequence and opened a
photographic exhibition and I did not
It's all right, let's go there and it's an element.
his right characteristic for only he could
put that place in the then was very
cool and